[docs] Multi select works pressing and holding shift key (#6532)
sveltejs/svelte: site/content/tutorial/06-bindings/07-multiple-select-bindings/text.md

		</option>
	{/each}
</select>
```

> **Note:** Press and hold `shift` button for selecting multiple options.

Author: ```suggestion
> Press and hold `shift` key for selecting multiple options.
```
